README.md, before:

# Blogging Pact

This repo is to record our successes and failures in our blogging pact.

We've decided to put $1 into a pot every week.
When someone doesn't blog, the other person gets the pot.
The deadline is 11:59 every Wednesday night.
(Occasionally, we'll extend the deadline by a day or 2 if everyone agrees.)
A pull request must be submitted by the deadline.

We've decided that it's not strictly blogging that we want to encourage.
Any of the following alternatives are acceptable:

* An article, on a blog or elsewhere, minimum 200 words
* A podcast episode, running at least 40 minutes
* A list of at least 10 commits to Open Source projects

There's no restriction on topics.
Personal, technical, and business topics are all fair game.
Whatever the work, it must be published publicly.
We'll keep a list of what we publish here.


## 2016

| Deadline    | Craig | Neem | Pot |
| ----------- | ----- | ---- | --- |
| 2016-07-20  | [This Agile Life Episode 113](http://www.thisagilelife.com/113/) | []() | $6 |
| 2016-07-13  | [Agile Glossary](https://github.com/boochtek/effective_agile/blob/master/Glossary.md) | []() | $4 |
| 2016-07-06  | [You Don't Have to Be Right](http://blog.boochtek.com/2016/07/06/you-dont-have-to-be-right) | [Pre-talk annoyances and how that’s strengthening my talk](http://neemserra.com/pre-talk-annoyances-and-how-thats-strengthening-my-talk/) | $2 |



| Deadline    | Craig | Neem | Pot |
| ----------- | ----- | ---- | --- |
| 2016-02-16  | (NONE - owes Neem $24) | [Resetting the reading list](http://neemserra.com/resetting-the-reading-list/) | $48 |
| 2016-02-10  | [My First Open Space](http://blog.boochtek.com/2016/02/10/first-open-space) | [Three years in tech](http://neemserra.com/three-years-in-tech/) | $46 |
| 2016-02-02  | [This Agile Life episode 105](http://www.thisagilelife.com/105/) | [http://neemserra.com/experiences-of-a-former-hijabi/](http://neemserra.com/experiences-of-a-former-hijabi/) | $44 |
| 2016-01-26  | (none) | (none) | $44 |
| 2016-01-19  | [Resolutions for 2016](http://blog.boochtek.com/2016/01/19/resolutions-2016) |      | $42 |
| 2016-01-11  | [My 2015](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2016/01/review-2015) | [2015 in Review](http://neemserra.com/2015-in-review/) | $40 |
| 2016-01-04  | [Team Values](http://blog.boochtek.com/2016/01/04/team-values) | [Culturally Muslim](http://neemserra.com/culturally-muslim/) | $38 |


## 2015


| Deadline    | Craig | Bryan | Neem | Pot |
| ----------- | ----- | ----- | ---- | --- |
| 2015-02-02  | [Resolutions](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/02/02/resolutions) | [Close Enough](http://bsgbryan.me/2015/02/02/close-enough/) | | $2  |
| 2015-02-09  | [Finding Your Way](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/02/finding-your-way) | (none) | | |
| 2015-02-16  | (none) | (none) | | |
| 2015-02-23  | [Hexagonal Rails Controllers](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/02/23/hexagonal-rails-controllers) | | | |
| 2015-04-13  | | |[It's okay to be average](http://neemserra.com/its-okay-to-be-average/)| |
| 2015-04-20  | | |[A talk, a ticket, and unexpected trust](http://neemserra.com/a-talk-a-ticket-and-unexpected-trust/)| |
| 2015-04-27  | [The Power of 1%](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/04/27/one-percent) | |[Paired programming is awesome! Paired programming sucks! ](http://neemserra.com/paired-programming-is-awesome-paired-programming-sucks/)| |
| 2015-05-04  | [Good Enough](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/05/04/27/good-enough) | |[A short thought on boredom](http://neemserra.com/a-short-thought-on-boredom/)| |
| 2015-05-11  | [When Should We Do TDD?](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/05/11/when-tdd) | |[A tribute to my grandmother](http://neemserra.com/a-tribute-to-my-grandmother/)| |
| 2015-05-18  | [From Agile To Happiness](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/05/18/agile-to-happiness) | | [Learning to swim](http://neemserra.com/learning-to-swim/)| |
| 2015-05-25  | [Too Damn Loud](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/05/too-loud) | |[When good is scary](http://neemserra.com/when-good-is-scary)| |
| 2015-06-01  | [Architectural Thoughts](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/06/01/architectural-thoughts) | |[Learn to apologize](http://neemserra.com/learn-to-apologize)| |
| 2015-06-08  | [Courage](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/06/courage) | |[Google I/O](http://neemserra.com/google-io)| |
| 2015-06-15  | (personal letter) | |[What makes homelessness hard](http://neemserra.com/what-makes-homelessness-hard)| |
| 2015-06-22  | [Not Quite Callbacks](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/06/22/not-quite-callbacks) | |[The Dress](http://neemserra.com/the-dress)| |
| 2015-06-29  | | |[Assumptions](http://neemserra.com/assumptions/)| |
| 2015-07-06  | | |personal letters| |
| 2015-07-13  | | |[Software Carpentry in Hawaii](http://neemserra.com/software-carpentry-in-hawaii/)| $2 |
| 2015-07-20  | [Resignation from SLUUG](http://www.sluug.org/pipermail/steercom/2015-July/009777.html) (username/password: discuss/freely) | |[Roy Clay Sr. Web Development and Entrepreneurship](http://neemserra.com/roy-clay-sr-web-development-and-entrepreneurship/)| $4 |
| 2015-08-31  | [Potential F5 Vulnerability](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/08/31/potential-f5-vulnerability) | |[What to Wear](http://neemserra.com/what-to-wear/)| $6 |
| 2015-09-08  | [Website Checklist](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/09/08/website-checklist) | |[Two Different Worlds](http://neemserra.com/two-different-worlds/) | $8 |
| 2015-09-14  | [This Agile Life episode 99](http://www.thisagilelife.com/99/) | |[After September 11](http://neemserra.com/after-september-11/)| $10 |
| 2015-09-21  | [I Made a Mistake](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/09/mistake) | | [The upside of blogging](http://neemserra.com/the-upside-of-blogging/) | $12 |
| 2015-09-28  | [The Problem With Estimates](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/09/28/no-estimates) | | [Strangeloop 2015](http://neemserra.com/strangeloop-2015/) | $14 |
| 2015-10-05  | [Losing Weight](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/10/losing-weight) | | [Meeting people at conferences](http://neemserra.com/meeting-people-at-conferences/) | $16 |
| 2015-10-12  | [Ruby Preserves](http://tinyurl.com/ruby-preserves-stl) presentation at STL Ruby | | [The nerdiest jewelry](http://neemserra.com/the-nerdiest-jewelry/) | $18 |
| 2015-10-19  | [Relationship Goals](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/10/relationship-goals) | | [The Dark Side of Conferences](http://neemserra.com/the-dark-side-of-conferences/) | $20 |
| 2015-11-02  | [Impromptu Retrospective](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/11/02/impromptu-retrospective) | | [Teaching the elderly tech skills] (http://neemserra.com/teaching-the-elderly-tech-skills/) | $22 |
| 2015-11-09  | [Happiness Retrospective](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/11/09/happiness-retrospective) | | [Follow up to: Teaching the elderly tech skills](http://neemserra.com/follow-up-to-teaching-the-elderly-tech-skills/) | $24 |
| 2015-11-24  | [Show and Tell](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/11/24/show-and-tell) | | [CTO of the United States](http://neemserra.com/the-cto-of-the-united-states/) | $26 |
| 2015-11-30  | [This Agile Life episode 103](http://www.thisagilelife.com/103/) | | [The Non-Native Guide to Navigating Devon Avenue](http://neemserra.com/non-native-guide-to-navigating-devon-avenue/) | $28 |
| 2015-12-07  | [The Ultimate Optimization](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/12/06/ultimate-optimization) | | [Year Books](http://neemserra.com/year-books/) | $30 |
| 2015-12-15  | [Encouragement](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/12/15/encouragement) | | [2015 Asynchrony Performance Review](http://neemserra.com/2015-asynchrony-performance-review/) | $32 |
| 2015-12-22  | [Face Your Fears](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/12/21/face-your-fears) | | [The Asthma Struggle](http://neemserra.com/the-asthma-struggle/) | $34 |
| 2015-12-28  | [2015 Year in Review](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/12/28/year-in-review-2015) | | [Brown Girl <3 White Guy](http://neemserra.com/brown-girl-loves-white-guy/) | $36 |


## 2014

| Deadline    | Amos  | Craig | Pot |
| ----------- | ----- | ----- | --- |
| 2014-01-20 | [Introspective](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/01/20/introspective) | [Introspective](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/01/19/introspective) | $2 |
| 2014-01-26 | [A Second Time](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/01/26/a-second-time/) | [Testing Rails Validators](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/01/26/testing-rails-validators) | $4 |
| 2014-02-02 | [Smaller is Better](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/02/02/smaller-is-better/) | [What I Want in a Blog Engine](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/02/02/blogging-software) | $6 |
| 2014-02-09 | [Lethal Injection](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/02/09/lethal-injection/) | [Empathy](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/02/07/empathy) | $8 |
| 2014-02-17 | [Let Your Yes be Yes and Your No be No](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/02/16/let-your-yes-be-yes-and-your-no-be-no/) | [Includable ActiveRecord](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/02/10/includable-activerecord) | $10 |
| 2014-02-23 | [Story Splitting Revisited](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/02/23/story-splititing-revisitted/) | [Chording Keyers](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/02/23/chording-keyers) | $12 |
| 2014-03-03 | [Lost in Translation](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/03/lost-in-translation/) | [Yak Shaving #1: Cursor Keys](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/03/yak-shaving-cursor-keys) | $14 |
| 2014-03-11 | [Important Partnerships](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/11/important_partnerships/) | [Burying the Lede](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/11/readable-shell-scripts) | $16 |
| 2014-03-16 | [Just the Tip](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/16/just-the-tip/) | [Slow Down!](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/16/slow-down) | $18 |
| 2014-03-23 | [What Do I Want?](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/23/what-do-i-want/) | [Estimation Isn’t Agile](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/23/agile-estimation) | $20 |
| 2014-03-31 | [An Agile Contract](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/31/an-agile-contract) | [Brilliant - My Very Own Programming Language](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/30/brilliant-my-own-programming-language) | $22 |
| 2014-04-07 | (none) | (none) | -- |
| 2014-04-14 | (none) | [Ruby Pattern: Parameterized Module Inclusion](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/04/14/ruby-parameterized-module-inclusion) | $24 |
| 2014-04-21 | [What is BDD anyway?](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/04/15/what-is-bdd-anyway/) | (none) | $2 |
| 2014-04-28 | (none) | (none) | -- |
| 2014-05-05 | (none) | [TDD Is Alive And Well](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/05/05/tdd-is-alive-and-well) | $2 |

Commit message:

Added "Wikis are Multigraphs of Text"

README.md, after:

# Blogging Pact

This repo is to record our successes and failures in our blogging pact.

We've decided to put $1 into a pot every week.
When someone doesn't blog, the other person gets the pot.
The deadline is 11:59 every Wednesday night.
(Occasionally, we'll extend the deadline by a day or 2 if everyone agrees.)
A pull request must be submitted by the deadline.

We've decided that it's not strictly blogging that we want to encourage.
Any of the following alternatives are acceptable:

* An article, on a blog or elsewhere, minimum 200 words
* A podcast episode, running at least 40 minutes
* A list of at least 10 commits to Open Source projects

There's no restriction on topics.
Personal, technical, and business topics are all fair game.
Whatever the work, it must be published publicly.
We'll keep a list of what we publish here.

## 2020

| Deadline   | Craig | Sam | Pot |
| ---------- | ----- | --- | --- |
| 2020-01-22 |       | [Wikis as Multigraphs of Text](https://samhatfield.me/2020/01/21/wikis-as-multigraphs-of-text/) | $1 |

## 2016

| Deadline    | Craig | Neem | Pot |
| ----------- | ----- | ---- | --- |
| 2016-07-20  | [This Agile Life Episode 113](http://www.thisagilelife.com/113/) | []() | $6 |
| 2016-07-13  | [Agile Glossary](https://github.com/boochtek/effective_agile/blob/master/Glossary.md) | []() | $4 |
| 2016-07-06  | [You Don't Have to Be Right](http://blog.boochtek.com/2016/07/06/you-dont-have-to-be-right) | [Pre-talk annoyances and how that’s strengthening my talk](http://neemserra.com/pre-talk-annoyances-and-how-thats-strengthening-my-talk/) | $2 |



| Deadline    | Craig | Neem | Pot |
| ----------- | ----- | ---- | --- |
| 2016-02-16  | (NONE - owes Neem $24) | [Resetting the reading list](http://neemserra.com/resetting-the-reading-list/) | $48 |
| 2016-02-10  | [My First Open Space](http://blog.boochtek.com/2016/02/10/first-open-space) | [Three years in tech](http://neemserra.com/three-years-in-tech/) | $46 |
| 2016-02-02  | [This Agile Life episode 105](http://www.thisagilelife.com/105/) | [http://neemserra.com/experiences-of-a-former-hijabi/](http://neemserra.com/experiences-of-a-former-hijabi/) | $44 |
| 2016-01-26  | (none) | (none) | $44 |
| 2016-01-19  | [Resolutions for 2016](http://blog.boochtek.com/2016/01/19/resolutions-2016) |      | $42 |
| 2016-01-11  | [My 2015](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2016/01/review-2015) | [2015 in Review](http://neemserra.com/2015-in-review/) | $40 |
| 2016-01-04  | [Team Values](http://blog.boochtek.com/2016/01/04/team-values) | [Culturally Muslim](http://neemserra.com/culturally-muslim/) | $38 |


## 2015


| Deadline    | Craig | Bryan | Neem | Pot |
| ----------- | ----- | ----- | ---- | --- |
| 2015-02-02  | [Resolutions](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/02/02/resolutions) | [Close Enough](http://bsgbryan.me/2015/02/02/close-enough/) | | $2  |
| 2015-02-09  | [Finding Your Way](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/02/finding-your-way) | (none) | | |
| 2015-02-16  | (none) | (none) | | |
| 2015-02-23  | [Hexagonal Rails Controllers](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/02/23/hexagonal-rails-controllers) | | | |
| 2015-04-13  | | |[It's okay to be average](http://neemserra.com/its-okay-to-be-average/)| |
| 2015-04-20  | | |[A talk, a ticket, and unexpected trust](http://neemserra.com/a-talk-a-ticket-and-unexpected-trust/)| |
| 2015-04-27  | [The Power of 1%](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/04/27/one-percent) | |[Paired programming is awesome! Paired programming sucks! ](http://neemserra.com/paired-programming-is-awesome-paired-programming-sucks/)| |
| 2015-05-04  | [Good Enough](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/05/04/27/good-enough) | |[A short thought on boredom](http://neemserra.com/a-short-thought-on-boredom/)| |
| 2015-05-11  | [When Should We Do TDD?](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/05/11/when-tdd) | |[A tribute to my grandmother](http://neemserra.com/a-tribute-to-my-grandmother/)| |
| 2015-05-18  | [From Agile To Happiness](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/05/18/agile-to-happiness) | | [Learning to swim](http://neemserra.com/learning-to-swim/)| |
| 2015-05-25  | [Too Damn Loud](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/05/too-loud) | |[When good is scary](http://neemserra.com/when-good-is-scary)| |
| 2015-06-01  | [Architectural Thoughts](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/06/01/architectural-thoughts) | |[Learn to apologize](http://neemserra.com/learn-to-apologize)| |
| 2015-06-08  | [Courage](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/06/courage) | |[Google I/O](http://neemserra.com/google-io)| |
| 2015-06-15  | (personal letter) | |[What makes homelessness hard](http://neemserra.com/what-makes-homelessness-hard)| |
| 2015-06-22  | [Not Quite Callbacks](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/06/22/not-quite-callbacks) | |[The Dress](http://neemserra.com/the-dress)| |
| 2015-06-29  | | |[Assumptions](http://neemserra.com/assumptions/)| |
| 2015-07-06  | | |personal letters| |
| 2015-07-13  | | |[Software Carpentry in Hawaii](http://neemserra.com/software-carpentry-in-hawaii/)| $2 |
| 2015-07-20  | [Resignation from SLUUG](http://www.sluug.org/pipermail/steercom/2015-July/009777.html) (username/password: discuss/freely) | |[Roy Clay Sr. Web Development and Entrepreneurship](http://neemserra.com/roy-clay-sr-web-development-and-entrepreneurship/)| $4 |
| 2015-08-31  | [Potential F5 Vulnerability](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/08/31/potential-f5-vulnerability) | |[What to Wear](http://neemserra.com/what-to-wear/)| $6 |
| 2015-09-08  | [Website Checklist](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/09/08/website-checklist) | |[Two Different Worlds](http://neemserra.com/two-different-worlds/) | $8 |
| 2015-09-14  | [This Agile Life episode 99](http://www.thisagilelife.com/99/) | |[After September 11](http://neemserra.com/after-september-11/)| $10 |
| 2015-09-21  | [I Made a Mistake](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/09/mistake) | | [The upside of blogging](http://neemserra.com/the-upside-of-blogging/) | $12 |
| 2015-09-28  | [The Problem With Estimates](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/09/28/no-estimates) | | [Strangeloop 2015](http://neemserra.com/strangeloop-2015/) | $14 |
| 2015-10-05  | [Losing Weight](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/10/losing-weight) | | [Meeting people at conferences](http://neemserra.com/meeting-people-at-conferences/) | $16 |
| 2015-10-12  | [Ruby Preserves](http://tinyurl.com/ruby-preserves-stl) presentation at STL Ruby | | [The nerdiest jewelry](http://neemserra.com/the-nerdiest-jewelry/) | $18 |
| 2015-10-19  | [Relationship Goals](http://blog.craigbuchek.com/2015/10/relationship-goals) | | [The Dark Side of Conferences](http://neemserra.com/the-dark-side-of-conferences/) | $20 |
| 2015-11-02  | [Impromptu Retrospective](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/11/02/impromptu-retrospective) | | [Teaching the elderly tech skills] (http://neemserra.com/teaching-the-elderly-tech-skills/) | $22 |
| 2015-11-09  | [Happiness Retrospective](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/11/09/happiness-retrospective) | | [Follow up to: Teaching the elderly tech skills](http://neemserra.com/follow-up-to-teaching-the-elderly-tech-skills/) | $24 |
| 2015-11-24  | [Show and Tell](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/11/24/show-and-tell) | | [CTO of the United States](http://neemserra.com/the-cto-of-the-united-states/) | $26 |
| 2015-11-30  | [This Agile Life episode 103](http://www.thisagilelife.com/103/) | | [The Non-Native Guide to Navigating Devon Avenue](http://neemserra.com/non-native-guide-to-navigating-devon-avenue/) | $28 |
| 2015-12-07  | [The Ultimate Optimization](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/12/06/ultimate-optimization) | | [Year Books](http://neemserra.com/year-books/) | $30 |
| 2015-12-15  | [Encouragement](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/12/15/encouragement) | | [2015 Asynchrony Performance Review](http://neemserra.com/2015-asynchrony-performance-review/) | $32 |
| 2015-12-22  | [Face Your Fears](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/12/21/face-your-fears) | | [The Asthma Struggle](http://neemserra.com/the-asthma-struggle/) | $34 |
| 2015-12-28  | [2015 Year in Review](http://blog.boochtek.com/2015/12/28/year-in-review-2015) | | [Brown Girl <3 White Guy](http://neemserra.com/brown-girl-loves-white-guy/) | $36 |


## 2014

| Deadline    | Amos  | Craig | Pot |
| ----------- | ----- | ----- | --- |
| 2014-01-20 | [Introspective](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/01/20/introspective) | [Introspective](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/01/19/introspective) | $2 |
| 2014-01-26 | [A Second Time](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/01/26/a-second-time/) | [Testing Rails Validators](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/01/26/testing-rails-validators) | $4 |
| 2014-02-02 | [Smaller is Better](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/02/02/smaller-is-better/) | [What I Want in a Blog Engine](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/02/02/blogging-software) | $6 |
| 2014-02-09 | [Lethal Injection](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/02/09/lethal-injection/) | [Empathy](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/02/07/empathy) | $8 |
| 2014-02-17 | [Let Your Yes be Yes and Your No be No](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/02/16/let-your-yes-be-yes-and-your-no-be-no/) | [Includable ActiveRecord](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/02/10/includable-activerecord) | $10 |
| 2014-02-23 | [Story Splitting Revisited](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/02/23/story-splititing-revisitted/) | [Chording Keyers](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/02/23/chording-keyers) | $12 |
| 2014-03-03 | [Lost in Translation](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/03/lost-in-translation/) | [Yak Shaving #1: Cursor Keys](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/03/yak-shaving-cursor-keys) | $14 |
| 2014-03-11 | [Important Partnerships](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/11/important_partnerships/) | [Burying the Lede](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/11/readable-shell-scripts) | $16 |
| 2014-03-16 | [Just the Tip](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/16/just-the-tip/) | [Slow Down!](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/16/slow-down) | $18 |
| 2014-03-23 | [What Do I Want?](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/23/what-do-i-want/) | [Estimation Isn’t Agile](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/23/agile-estimation) | $20 |
| 2014-03-31 | [An Agile Contract](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/03/31/an-agile-contract) | [Brilliant - My Very Own Programming Language](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/03/30/brilliant-my-own-programming-language) | $22 |
| 2014-04-07 | (none) | (none) | -- |
| 2014-04-14 | (none) | [Ruby Pattern: Parameterized Module Inclusion](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/04/14/ruby-parameterized-module-inclusion) | $24 |
| 2014-04-21 | [What is BDD anyway?](http://dirtyinformation.com/blog/2014/04/15/what-is-bdd-anyway/) | (none) | $2 |
| 2014-04-28 | (none) | (none) | -- |
| 2014-05-05 | (none) | [TDD Is Alive And Well](http://blog.boochtek.com/2014/05/05/tdd-is-alive-and-well) | $2 |
